hey guys what is up it is Sarah for
another that creative life video I have
Tessa here Tessa what do you do
hello my name is Tessa violet I make
youtube videos at youtube.com slash Nika
kitty Sarge spelt so you can just search
for Tessa violet explain Oh Mika kitty
you came about well um that's my cat's
name rest in peace okay it was my user
name on it well Instant Messenger and
it's just an even carried over that's so
amazing we took to Twitter and we got a
few questions from you guys about livin
really that creative life talking about
videos talking about music because she
is an amazing singer songwriter and
youtuber Chelsea asked do you believe
some people just aren't creative if not
what tips do you have for those who feel
like they're uncreated great question
Chelsea um for me and my relationship
with creativity I see my own creativity
as just an ability to problem-solve and
you know the problems that I choose to
interact with our artistic problems so
people say that's creative but I might
say like I really want to make a video
or a song that invokes this emotion or
makes me feel this way so the problem is
how do and then the answer is just
figuring out and people call that
creativity but like anything it's just a
skill or muscle that you organize yeah
and everyone starts at zero well some
people have a little natural inclination
right and if you find something that
you're naturally good at just freak and
run with it and then in time you'll
figure out if you absolutely love it or
not but I think people owe it to
themselves to explore different mediums
check things out and really find what
your jam is and then one
find it you know you're not going to be
perfect at it and the first go-around
but that's where you combine the
learning it taking in the skills whether
that means watching a YouTube video like
a how-to or like a textbook or something
balancing that and then going out and
actually doing it is you can watch
YouTube videos all day on how to make
videos or how to take pictures but
what's the most important part practice
going out and actually doing it guys
practice makes perfect and it's okay to
be bad that's something for a really
long time there's a video I wish I wish
I knew that this quote was but he talks
about how you know that you have an
artistic eye when you're first making
something and you recognize that you're
not good that's good you think this is
not good and your ability to know that
means that you're going to be able to
progress into something that you
recognizes yes that's amazing that's so
true I will find it to you and I'll text
it to you exactly quote
but this may be a good question for you
then okay turn turntable okay if YouTube
hey Cal says if you could give YouTube
beginners one piece of advice what would
it be
one piece of advice that I would give us
a little bit more practical is kind of
find a balance of searchable content and
then content that you actually enjoy
making I got a lot of traffic from
whether it was like Taylor Swift
concerts that I posted or I made a loved
a lizard a night Shelley Nashville no
really gained like 50 subscribers from
that nation yeah just that and I made a
lot of technical videos of like unboxing
cameras and like how to use this camera
and I got a lot of people who found me
through actually searching out stuff and
then once they found my channel through
the searchable content they stayed for
the stuff that I actually enjoyed making
my travel videos so that's my piece of
advice about you that's great advice the
problem with my opinion on how to start
on YouTube is that it's dated you know
because I started nine years ago
dang girl when it was just a different
game right and if I had to start again
now you know would I be able to build
the same level of success I don't know
because it's a lot of luck hmm but it
doesn't hurt to make content you love
and work really hard so I'd say you know
get to know who you are
er who are here good to know who you are
what you love and make consistent
content everyone always is that but
consistency is good and I think we live
in a time where people are constantly
asked
is it better to be consistent or is it
better to have better quality and I feel
like we live in a time where you can't
negotiate on that like you have to have
you have to have both you have to have
consistency and quality and making those
opportunities for yourself and I feel
like you know an audience will come yeah
I have a question for your question
I know you can't answer this but I feel
like if the question is what's your
advice for people wanting to like make a
career out of YouTube we've answered
that but if you just mean general advice
I have another thought okay um I think
it's really easy for any artist in any
medium to may be not cognitively but
emotionally believe that I am my art and
then if people don't like my art it can
be devastating hmm and YouTube is a
harsh place to live yeah so I would say
just try and get to know your worth as a
person outside of your art and around
yourself in community and friends and
love your art and appreciate it and know
that you know it's a part of you yeah
but that's good yeah if people don't
like it they just don't like it
you like it and that's what counts and
if you don't like it make something else
don't and that's something yes that's
something that I love talk about coz
what because you have definitely gone
different directions on your channel
you've done a lot of stuff what would
you say to just being open to about
evolving your craft hmm yeah I mean I
started started with video blogs and
then like I moved into not too heavily
but the idea of music videos
and film and now I've shifted into music
my own music and also video blogs and
there's always pushback when you make a
change because where I will feel like
I've subscribed for this type of content
now you're changing and I don't like it
which is fair again people are just
allowed to enjoy what they enjoy and
enjoy what they don't but if you feel
like your heart is somewhere else you
just have to you have to make art you
love and for me I just knew that you
know over nine years my interests have
shifted and to make something that I was
no longer interested in would have been
like well why am i why do I have a
creative job at all why not like just if
I don't like what I'm doing why not just
do something else I don't like that it's
less stressful unless self-motivated for
it and also I think people see through
that it feels in genuine mmm-hmm so I
mean just be okay with it it's okay to
make what you want to make if you are a
natural disaster Tessa oh I know one
would you be I'd be a tornado you should
see my room or my studio or enough space
at all it's horrifying it's not
something I'm proud of
well I think that was a wonderful
discussion I think you guys asked
amazing questions I just wanna say thank
you to Tessa yeah you need to check out
her channel guys she's amazing
singer-songwriter vlogger I do those
things yeah she's amazing thank you for
tuning in for another episode of that
creative life hash tag that creative
life let me know if you guys like this
video make sure to hit that subscribe
button down below check out Tessa's
channel in the description below and I
will see you guys and
bye-bye Mike
I come across as like Herman I I get
nervous and then I'm like you look very
likeable and pass